# Performance management system

## Start

- Create git for this project and commit the first before start the development.
- Create gitignore file as per standard react and nodejs project
- Create the project with @specifications.md, start building the project steps, first prepare the project as per '1. PROJECT STRUCTURE'.
- Create the command (powershell or batch on my windows) so that both project server and client can run in a single command to test the application.
- # install dependency npm i on both server and client then run the project with ./dev.ps1.
- Change sqllite3 with alternative because it was not working on windows.
  - Proceed to prepare  @specifications.md for '2. TECHNOLOGY STACK'
  - Proceed to prepare  @specifications.md for '3. DATABASE SCHEMA'
  - Create a batch and ps file to stop the running both server and client project running
  - Proceed to prepare  @specifications.md for '4. SETUP WIZARD — DESIGN (Most Important UX Feature)'
  - Proceed to prepare  @specifications.md for '5. ORG SETTINGS JSON SCHEMA'
  - Update the @specifications.md that whatever UI we developed there should be an information (i) icon for describing the help and put the help content with meaningful content based on the label and the business logic you have identified of this project, so that I can also learn the UI which you are building and how to use this application for demonstration and continuing the further development.
  - I didn't see the (i) help icon against each field of this 'org settings' page, I need the user to understand the purpose of each fields on the system.
  - give in depth information on this particular 'Active Performance Types' so that users can understand which one they can choose, you can prepare custom popup model to explain these, I suggest to put (i) against each of the checkboxes like KRA, OKR, goal, etc, and explain to the user that this feature is be applicable to which industry and which kind of business and what the company will get benefit from this (I personally has no experience or knowledge of these things like KRA, OKR, Goal, BSC, Key result, KPI etc) so that I can also learn and understand these thing.
  - PENDING: can you also update other all fields of this OrgSettings page with in-depth explanation on custom popup model , I need to understand this product in depth for my own understanding of the PMS model, you can educate me as well by just clicking on the popup model to see and understand their internal working and where it will reflect later with importance, give in-depth explanation with real life examples and industry wise best practices.
  - PENDING: Now fine-tune this 'org setting' page so that it should allow selection which are mutually exclusive like if the 'OKR Objective' is selected then why do HR need to select 'OKR key result' - I presume these two are used injunction together (correct my understanding) and similarly fix the interconnected fields which the user should not missed to select or it should be auto-select or disabled if that thing is not applicable in the selection of 'Active Performance Types' like if the HR has selected only 'Compentency' whether they can do anything with tabs like 'Weightage' or 'Rating Scale', similarly check for correct configuration the user can do without doing or leaving any mistake.
  - Proceed to prepare  @specifications.md for '6. INDUSTRY PRESETS'



## TODOs

- Software product tag line 'PMS software for stupid HR'
- If the use has selected 'Framework' then why do they need to select 'Active performance types', is this a duplication? Do we really need 'Framework' selection?
- How the OKR's Key Results and KPI can work together? Is it possible can bo co-exists in the same cycle, if so that can we make this system in such a way that it can be fill and review and measures, which can result in a decision making at employee, department and organization level.
- How can CEO/management can enter the actual results against the OKR defined at company level, and comparsion with subordinates given values for comparison, it could be possible that end actual results enter by the company at the end of each cycle review may be different than values enterred by subordinates, need to plot in a way that it can be visualize and captured. Then how cascade work here. Can we have multi-result kind of approach (think on that before going to implement) that employees, managers and department (HOD) values may provide positive targets achievement whereas the management (CEO or VP) will provide a real numbers?
- Need to prepare input of HOD (departmental OKR achievement) so that it should not be duplicated when the same person (manager) is giving the input at the time of review.
- When employees or department head is updating the reviews, they can see their cummulative/consolidated ratings (average) as well, so that they can track the progress i.e. April to May average visible when they are enterring the June month data (including June numbers).
- Review cycle can be defined by the client such that daily, weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, quarterly, semin-annually, annually. Assessment of those reflect in the top and HR management dashboard, along with consolidated and cummulative results of the entire year data.
- In 'Org settings' Do we need 'Cycle Defaults' or it will come in the 'Cycles' section/configuration?
- Add 9-box support
- How can in one employee or department profile of review, all these selected options like 'OKR objective', 'OKR Key Result', 'KRA', 'Goal', 'KPI', 'Compentancy', 'BSC Metric', 'Custom' can work together, think in-depth for a both INPUT and REVIEW page of employee or manager or department head that a form can have dedicated sections based on these 'Active Performance Types' selection, otherwise the form will be very confusing for the user, we are building the software for common man, so it should be very easy to follow and adopt in the organization, we can split the input in small steps that can persist across the session and continue. The end result is also important that how can we combine results of these all 'Active Performance Types' input to generate a final score or result, how can the system predict this?
- Industry wise ready-to-use OKR/KR/GOAL/KPI/Compentenacy templates and selection in the employee Input screen.
- CEO,VP,Director,HOD page where they can enter the targets against the company OKR (enter by all CEO,VP,Director as per their profiles and domain applicability) and another page for departments HOD to provide their sub-targets against company OKR (this will be applicable if Cascading is enabled)
- Manager organization hierarchy wise goals cascading and target visualization. How the actual target and commitment or planned both along can be defined?
- Sample data of employees with L1 to L9 each reporting structure L1 = 1 (MD/CEO), L2 = 4 (Sales Head, Product Head, Support Head, HR and Admin Head), Upto L9. At L3 to L9 there will be multiple reportees and each will have their own targets drived from L2 (L2 targets are driven from L1 company targets), The L4 to L9 will give stretch targets (overcommittment or undercommitment) the visualization is required that company's target is separately visible the upper layer target should be visible to current reportees so that they can plan their targets and similarly when manager is enterring their target they can suggest targets to their reportees (it's most critical aspect of the system to make this complex mapping so simple that it can be easily configure by the clients). This feature we can enable in cascading with OKR based appraoch (check if my understanding is correct with cascading).
- Revise login page functionality to first select the demo database type (IT company, Manufacturing company, Pharma company, etc) and the user/employee to login with without remembering/typing any password this will be use for a quick demostraction.
- Employee master page modification for manager and reportees mapping to form the hierarchy of organization structure.
- Revision of targets during the year multiple times with revision history along with approvals.
- After all these steps completed prepare multiple sample data structures (selection of data structure of case studies to view the software working), 1. An IT company having sales team given target based on their head-count salaries so that Sales head and sales managers target is inclusive of their subordinates salaries + self and invidual sales person target is their own salaries, similarly for operation department the OKR is the revenue of the organization increasing (MRR above threshold) and happy client ratings, development team OKR targets is again revenue stable and increasing, lesser software bugs, new features, HR team target is happy enviornment and good work culture. 2. Another company of a manufacturing where they produce product like Car Brakes or any components they have their hypothetical use cases spread across different departments.
- Build interactive dashboard with drill-down analysis, comparison of KPI or Key results in which one is achiving the targets but OKR is not achiving how the management or company can view these findings.